Hello everyone and welcome to the clustering of Sparke section of the course.
Clustering is an unsupervised learning task we're trying to cluster unlabelled data into similar groups.
Now due to the nature of unsupervised learning algorithms in general it's usually quite hard to get
a good metrics of performance for your actual learning algorithm.
And this is really due to the fact that you don't have labels to check against your data already is
unlabeled and essentially unsupervised learning algorithms are trying to create labels by clustering
into smaller groups.
So keep that in mind as we continue throughout this section of the course but we will show you some
ways to actually get some metrics of performance but those metrics won't be as solid as the other metrics
you saw for things such as regression and classification supervised tasks where you can actually compare
a prediction to the true label.
In this case since your data is unlabelled you have no base to actually compare it to.
You can only compare to how well your clusters are formed together.
For this clustering section of the course we're going to be focusing on using K means clustering which
is one of the most common clustering algorithms.
And in this course we're going to just have a light theory explanation so we'll discuss.
K means it's background and also give you a reading assignment that's optional if you want to go deeper
into the mathematics.
We'll show the documentation example which is actually thorough enough that we don't need to have a
full walk through example.
So right after the documentation example we'll set you loose on a project exercise so you can test out
your new skills.
OK.
I'm excited to get started.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.